welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to be working through a real
mind humper with the 2009 film orphan
i'm also announcing the winners of the
drawing at the end of the video so be
sure to check that out
let's get to it we open on a nervous
expectant young couple
arriving at the hospital to experience
the most joyous event of their lives
is this your first no no it's a third or
third most i suppose but the staff seems
to be oblivious to the fact that things
are taking a slight turn in the wrong
direction
kate finds herself receiving an
unexpected surgery
sans anesthetic because then it wouldn't
be a surprise
but hey at least jon's here and as they
present her with her bloody prize she
wakes up with only scars of a now
distant memory and takes some
consolation meds to keep the nightmares
in check
in talking to her therapist we learn
these dreams to be coping mechanisms
around the trauma of losing her
stillborn child and the anxiety and
guilt around their impending adoption to
replace her which threatens to interrupt
the balance of their daily lives where
kate picks up her daughter max from
school
stares at any pregnant belly she comes
across to the point of nearly ending
them
and also enjoys spending some time
creating inner space just trying to put
something beautiful into the world
it's hard to do this however with all
that damn banging but when jon arrives
home with daniel any hope of peace and
quiet is now moot
at bedtime after whipping out her
cochlear implant max insists kate read
her favorite story
which is also the most painful bedtime
story of all time
completely unparalleled in its absolute
bleakness
all of these traumas and emotions are
swirling around inside of her and she's
hoping that bringing a third child into
their household will provide an outlet
for all the love and nurturing energy
that had been intended for jessica the
child they lost
with all that set up now they head on
over to the girls school where they
peruse the prospective adoptees like
birds in a cage
kate sticks to the downstairs to try to
make some sense of the
overwhelming din while jon follows soft
sounds of singing upstairs where he
finds artistic little esther
waiting for him in a classroom she tells
him the story of the sad
mother lioness dreaming of her cubs a
perfectly constructed metaphor that
touches them in all their sweet spots
sister abigail hangs back and remains
silent as she watches astrid deadly
navigate her entrance interview
they learned that she's the survivor of
a terrible house fire which killed her
prior family and resulted in her being
boarded at the school
despite this she is well adjusted and
strict with her manners
so long as you don't touch the ribbons
that adorn her neck and wrists
in three weeks time they're delighted to
find themselves welcoming this complete
stranger into their home
true to form esther works on learning
sign language and engages in formal
introductions with daniel and his
paternal grandmother barbara then she
goes to acclimate herself to the new
sights and sounds of the house including
her pre-staged room
which presumptuously contains a fish
tank i mean she may not be interested in
fish
the afternoon that unfolds as dany
shreds his guitar solo with his friends
and desperately competes for his
father's attention
feeling that he and the boys go out to
his elaborate tree house to take a smoke
break
meanwhile the girls play out back in the
snow and barbara needles her
daughter-in-law about buttoning down her
future plans
beyond mere child rearing that night
after journaling her innermost thoughts
a coping activity she's been doing in
lieu of drinking kate comes to bed
feeling
unusually light and playful now that
they've settled into this new change
as a result she presumably begins to
snowblow jon
right before esther and max barge in to
look for a bedtime reprieve from the
storm outside the next morning esther
expresses her individuality by insisting
on going to school dressed as a
porcelain doll
this gets the modern kids all worked up
so you just know brenda has to say
something
thereby provoking her ire later on we
find danny outback practicing for his
future career as an assassin when a
pigeon makes a mortal error
anything downrange is considered fair
game so danny takes the shot and is
immediately remorseful despite his
sorrow he proves unwilling to follow
esther's advice
even under the prospect of continued
unnecessary suffering for the bird so
esther shows him how it's done
and today we're all just learning so
many lessons later on during bath time
kate goes to put some of esther's
clothes away and finds the top drawer
jammed she manages
to dislodge a creepy book with a man's
picture inside it and she quickly tucks
it back away out of respect for privacy
but
esther saw what she did we also see her
assert herself within her peer group
when dany opens the bullying doorway at
school and brenda
steps right on through esther deals with
this fairly well
right up to the point where brenda
touches her ribbon resulting in an
instant freak out despite this not going
well she does try to continue building
her relationship with kate starting by
taking her up on her offer of piano
lessons when kate uses this as an
opportunity to broach the topic of the
school incident esther flips the script
on her by asking about jessica prone to
want to nurture a child's natural
curiosity kate explains the travails
they went through and shows her
a living memorial that was cultivated
with jessica's cremated remains
ensuring they can keep a piece of her
with them so long as the flowers bloom
we juxtaposed this touching moment with
mommy and daddy getting
absolutely randy in the kitchen that
night smart move because without a bed
the kids can't hop in with you oh right
there's that
kate tries to talk to esther the next
morning about certain forbidden acts
that men and women do to each other when
they're in love and horny
i know they [ __ ] oh well carry on then
they're pretty sure they can cure her of
her
inappropriate nonchalance with some dad
time at the park but while jon's
distracted by joyce who's come down to
scope out the local dad meet
esther slips away she circled back to
await brenda's isolation so they can
provide a vital community service by
testing the safety limitations of the
playground equipment
which just so happens to be witnessed by
max but when asked later about the
reports that brenda may have been pushed
max chooses to demonstrate sister
solidarity plus
esther's christian so she wouldn't do
that unfortunately esther's mere
existence continues to antagonize dany
resulting in an outburst that gets his
boy's den locked up until he learns him
some manners
later the next day esther reveals that
she's an accomplished pianist and claims
that
she never said otherwise she just
thought that kate needed something to do
and that it was polite to feign
ignorance kate also reveals to john that
esther claims he was flirting at the
park
which pushes a button due to his prior
history of infidelity and kate struggles
to figure out how to interpret all these
pieces of evidence that are starting to
present themselves to her as if on cue
sister abigail arrives for a wellness
check as the gossip she confides that
she did have some reservations about
placing esther with a family
you know there's a strange history of
terrible things happening that don't
directly involve her but she
somehow always manages to be nearby why
that terrible house fire that killed her
prior family
it was an arson and no culprits were
ever found quick to act against those
who act against her esther uses max to
help find the treehouse keys then they
cut the sister off at the bridge and use
max as a decoy to scare her off the road
once outside the protection of her
vehicle esther wangs on her for a bit
with a hammer
and uses max's complicit involvement to
compel her to help hide the body and
evidence
which they stash away in the treehouse
lest they both be dragged off to jail
forever
danny peeps them emerging from the fort
and wonders what they doing in his spot
esther circles back that evening so they
can come to an agreement about the house
policies regarding snitching which is
enforced by threat of box cutter to the
genitals
the next day kate gets a call to see if
sister abigail ever made it to their
house because she hasn't been back since
leaving for the appointment the police
find her but they have no leads
although kate has her own suspicions she
starts looking up some info on
personality disorders in children
and finds one that seems to fit the bill
and while she has a tough time getting
john on board they at least agree that
it would be good to check in with
esther's original russian orphanage
and it ends up being a quick call
because they have no record of anyone by
that name ever being there
so on the way to school the next morning
kate asks her progeny about how their
experiences with esther are going they
say things are going all right but they
get a little funny with her
at that very moment she happens to be at
home with john taking a morning off and
lamenting that mommy hates her so jon
suggests she do something to show how
much she appreciates what kate's done
for her so
she picks her a beautiful bouquet of
irreplaceable memorial flowers that
carry the essence of jessica i mean what
could be more precious than that
after getting over the shock kate takes
a moment to go breathe it out at the
memorial while esther finds her way
downstairs and bites the towel as she
cinches her arm up in a vice
she calls out for daddy due to the
nagging pain in her arm and when kate
returns she finds little usurper
sleeping in her bed with the diagnosis
of a fractured forelimb
now facing down some of her old demons
kate finds herself staring into the
bottom of a tall pour of wine but
remembering how this nearly tore the
family apart she stays strong and pours
the bottle down the drain
but any hope of moving past all these
strange incidents is eliminated when
esther constructs a framework of
circumstance that allows her to pop the
family wagon in neutral and let it roll
downhill backwards
gaining speed and nearly avoiding
oncoming traffic before coming to rest
in a snowbank
kate now seeks the objectivity of a
third party to help navigate this mess
and they return to her therapist hoping
she'll cut through the [ __ ] but
kate's history of self-destruction wins
her no favors it also wouldn't be the
first time you blamed esther for your
own mistake
wow are you licensed then johnny on the
spot over here whips out a bottle of
wine the girls helpfully led him to
tired of kate's malicious manipulations
she's given the ultimatum of going to
rehab or
john leaving with the kids during bath
time that evening danny's able to confer
with max and verify that esther has been
involved in the recent bloody happenings
and he makes a plan to acquire the
evidence from his tree house
later that night kate appears to intend
to leave with the kids but finds esther
awaken
keep and watch in a rare mask off moment
she reveals that she's so good at
pressing kate's buttons and finding all
of her weakest spots because she's been
perusing her journal as a bit of light
reading before bed in an attempt to even
the odds kate goes back to find her
special book
and once uncovered finds it to contain a
multitude of strange daddy pics and also
has an identifying stamp inside the
cover
she manages to locate a number for the
facility and attempts to ask them about
an orphan from their institute
however when they finally get an english
speaker on the line he reveals that
they're not an orphanage they're a
mental hospital while she's doing that
danny gains entry to his bachelor pad
and attempts to acquire the evidence but
all he finds are his old porno mags
esther has the evidence which she lays
out for him before setting it on fire
and locking his trap door
he works on a daring escape while kate
is embroiled in some primo investigating
with the convent
so they're both pretty much crushing it
right now after falling off the roof
danny ends up unconscious in the icu
kate really pushes at this now trying to
point out all the evidence before them
and link it together for slow-ass jon
but her aggressive gesticulations prompt
esther to dip out for a quick soda which
is what she calls the life support
machines when danny starts flatlining
the stress is more than kate can bear
but luckily the orderlies have sedatives
on the ready for just this type of
situation
through the brain fog jon reveals that
danny's gonna be okay
and he's taken max and esther back home
to rest once there
he blows off some steam with a cigarette
and a bottle of his wife's shame wine
which really goes far in dulling the
senses for when esther arrives all
tarted up and whispers in his ear
but unlike the previous fathers jon
rebuffs her advances
meanwhile kate wakes up from their
grogginess to get a call from the sarn
institute
warning her to stay away from esther and
to call the authorities esther is
actually a grown woman with a hormone
disorder and is very dangerous having
seven known victims also she can be
easily identified by the scars on her
neck and wrists which she acquired from
struggling constantly against her
straight jacket
so it's really kind of surprising they
would ever be taken in by the ruse
when jon goes to her room to try to find
her he stumbles upon some very
adult-oriented luminescent art and he's
instantly struck by the idea to turn
them into nfts to sell on the blockchain
but when he goes to call his agent the
power goes out
downstairs he finds what seems to be
some sort of storm-related power surge
damage and as he goes to figure it out
he discovers that he's been stabbed
and he continues to get stabbed then
until esther gets tired of it unable to
reach him by phone kate rushes in so
hard and fast that she actually enters
the home while still in her vehicle
after finding jon's bloody corpse she
goes to retrieve max
and gets shot from downstairs by this
old skank they pursue each other through
the home but kate stops short when she
realizes that esther is now in the
greenhouse with max
recognizing the imminent danger she
takes a big risk and it pays off as she
manages to land on esther with a layer
of broken glass between them they run
off into the woods and the police arrive
but esther is still upset about how this
whole thing's gone down so she insists
on having a proper final battle the two
ladies fall through the ice where kate
takes little jabity jab in the rib cage
before crawling out
esther claws her way to the surface to
see if she can pull off a final
emotional manipulation but
instead kate donkey kicks her teeth in
she then sinks forever into the
unreasonably deep retention pond
i want to thank everyone for supporting
the channel i collected all the entrants
who participated in the challenge from
the last three videos
and ran the screen names through a
random generator to get five winners
i'll let them hang on the screen here
for a moment to let it sink in
if you won congratulations go hit up the
about page on my channel to drop me an
email so we can make further
arrangements i'd also like to give a
huge thanks to my donors memorialized in
the hall of head shots
[Music]
orphan was a crazy twisty movie it
really benefited from adding that one
additional turn at the end as well they
already did a great job of building
tension and isolation for kate as we the
viewers were expecting an evil little
girl wreaking havoc it just adds another
satisfying layer and lends some
believability to the scenarios we
witnessed to find out at the end that
she was actually a full-grown adult
really well done if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing
thanks for watching